#79 expose task log (#88)
Knotx/knotx-fragments: handler/README.md

All task factory implementations are registered using a simple service-provider loading facility - 
[Service Loader](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/java/util/ServiceLoader.html).

> [Service Loader](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/java/util/ServiceLoader.html).

Reviewer: duplicated line?

All consumers provide [factories](https://github.com/Knotx/knotx-fragments/blob/master/handler/core/src/main/java/io/knotx/fragments/handler/consumer/FragmentEventsConsumerFactory.java) 
that are registered using a simple service-provider loading facility - 
[Service Loader](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/java/util/ServiceLoader.html).

### Fragment HTML Body Writer
It is a Fragment Event Consumer that marks the beginning and the end of a fragment with HTML comments:
```
<!-- data-knotx-id="FRAGMENT_IDENTIFIER" -->
  FRAGMENT_BODY
<!-- data-knotx-id="FRAGMENT_IDENTIFIER" -->
```

Fragment event is serialized to JSON and stored in `<script>` tag:
```
<!-- data-knotx-id="FRAGMENT_IDENTIFIER" -->
  <script data-knotx-id="FRAGMENT_IDENTIFIER" type="application/json">
    FRAGMENT_DEBUG_DATA
  </script>
  FRAGMENT_BODY
<!-- data-knotx-id="FRAGMENT_IDENTIFIER" -->
```

It must be configured in `consumerFactories`
```hocon
consumerFactories = [
  {
    factory = fragmentHtmlBodyWriter
    config { CONSUMER_CONFIG }
  }
]
```
where `CONSUMER_CONFIG` consists of:
```hocon
condition {
  param = debug
  # header = x-knotx-debug
}
fragmentTypes = [ "snippet" ]
```

> It is triggered when conditions pass. Specifying `param=debug` Knot.x expects that the original 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is triggered when conditions pass. Currently, 2 checks are supported:
 - `param` - Knot.x expects that the original request contains this request parameter (e.g. by configuring `param=debug`, requesting `{address}?debug=true` will make the condition pass),
 - `header` condition is analogous, but the value comes from the request header.
 
At least one condition has to be configured, otherwise the consumer will be not triggered.
```

information with some external tools or add fragment event to the response.

#### Fragment Event Consumer Factory
All consumers provide [factories](https://github.com/Knotx/knotx-fragments/blob/master/handler/core/src/main/java/io/knotx/fragments/handler/consumer/FragmentEventsConsumerFactory.java) 
that are registered using a simple service-provider loading facility - 
[Service Loader](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/java/util/ServiceLoader.html).

### Fragment HTML Body Writer
It marks the beginning and the end of a fragment with HTML comments:
```
<!-- data-knotx-id="FRAGMENT_IDENTIFIER" -->
  FRAGMENT_BODY
<!-- data-knotx-id="FRAGMENT_IDENTIFIER" -->
```

Fragment event is serialized to JSON and stored in `<script>` tag:
```
<!-- data-knotx-id="FRAGMENT_IDENTIFIER" -->
  <script data-knotx-id="FRAGMENT_IDENTIFIER" type="application/json">
    FRAGMENT_DEBUG_DATA
  </script>
  FRAGMENT_BODY
<!-- data-knotx-id="FRAGMENT_IDENTIFIER" -->
```

It must be configured in `consumerFactories`
```hocon
consumerFactories = [
  {
    factory = fragmentHtmlBodyWriter
    config { CONSUMER_CONFIG }
  }
]
```
where `CONSUMER_CONFIG` consists of:
```hocon

> condition {

Reviewer 2: Please add info that at least one condition must be configured otherwise, body writer will be not triggered.
